- "I'm getting overcharged for an accident in 2022 where an 18-wheeler hit my car while I was parked legally on the shoulder of a road in a hit-and-run, where I broke no laws and the driver kept driving and could've killed me. My insurance policy price is more than doubled for that, but that isn't right. An 18-wheeler hit my car in a hit-and-run while I was legally parked. And since I didn't have collision at the time, my insurance (then Geico) didn't even have to pay for the damages, and my car was completely wrecked. So Geico should not be charging me any more than the baseline quote." - Sent to a Geico support bot today before being connected to an agent.
- Actually, they quoted me for a single speeding ticket 3 years ago, minus a week or so. More than double from ~$180 to ~$540.
- And Amica has a processing window that would’ve gone a few days over my current plan’s renewal/expiration date and only accepts covered customers. No grace period.
- And the DMV listed my driver's license date as 2014, which is definitely wrong since I was in college then and I got my license in high school. Probably 2012. When I was 16. But they gave me two options: 2011 or 2014. For 2011 to have been possible, I would’ve had to have gotten it on my birthday or around then in November/December. I remember the driver's exam and the weather couldn't have been December, probably not November. But they had it listed as 2014.
- Some rep at State Farm changed my quote after I had a really good one, because the other rep’s family member got sick. That was really unfortunate. The other rep’s family member died and his buddy-colleague ruined a good deal for him and me while he was away.
- And DMV requires you to take action to cancel liability insurance, which charges $700 somehow for 6 months from my AllState agency after all collision/comprehensive and extras removed. Geico and Amica both offered moderately lower quotes but still obscene. The action DMV requires is to surrender my license plates, meaning to go to the DMV office, and return license plates that...
    - ...okay, this is going to sound ridiculous but that are attached to my car via zip ties that were attached in a way that had sentimental value to me by a stranger when my uncle and I needed help, and removing them feels like a desecration of that good-faith unlikely synchronicity-miracle that happened involving the whole story of how I got that car (starting from the hit-and-run) and the shared journey with my uncle, and thematically broke with the bureaucratic hustle and powerlessness that followed.
    - Requiring action in order to not get punished for owning a car is also Orwellian, in addition to the spiritual point.
- My car battery is dead and I can’t even drive the car, and I’m obligated to do all of this in order not to pay an obscene subscription fee, while unemployed after getting unjustly terminated (with student debt), just for having the used 2007 Toyota Prius that I bought in full and own, which cost less than what the car insurance agencies are trying to charge, despite… and here’s the kicker… the fact that I have never been in an accident that was my fault in my life.

So all of this might seem okay, because you might think I can get by without a car, or rather, with a car but without driving it. But don't think of me then, let's zoom out to my mom. My family is in poverty and my mom had to deal with this extortion all her time in America. 
- Update: At my apartment, we don't have a place where I can legally keep my car without license plates, so I am legally required to pay the insurance liability fee, for a car I can't use.
    - The fee I end up having to pay, to AllState, if I don't change insurance companies by tomorrow, most likely includes a charge for the hit-and-run I was in that wasn't my fault (and could've killed me), since it's $700 under automatic renewal with all coverages removed and only the liability fee. Geico in comparison quoted me ~$540, and Amica, which has a one week processing period, ~$440. I can either (1) let AllState charge me for a month, get some money refunded, and then switch to Amica, or (2) switch to Geico by tomorrow. These are unpaid labor-and-expense requirements put on an unemployed person in suffering health condition... on property that the unemployed person can't use and fully paid off... including charges for a crime committed officially recognized as by someone else.

These things might seem like small impositions of the state and corporate powers, but these are huge sums of money charged greedily at a flat rate to poor people and rich people alike, just for having a car. Monthly, or every 6 months, a tax for car ownership. And tons of bureaucracy.

This should be nationalized. If the state thinks it's important, they should pay for it.

Auto insurance should be nationalized.
