## Cosmogenesis myth

All definitions exist by definition. The nature of definition is matter, originated from "Everything". Everything, is the most general default assumption (tied with “nothing”).

Everything (including suffering and the choice to not be Everything) $\rightarrow$ Anything (without loss of generality, but no longer everything, that is: no longer necessarily, while still sufficient for, suffering) via the invention of time (a deductive graph towards possibilities, but not necessitating suffering, A.K.A. causal restrictions to deductive steps in any derivation of each “something”) $\rightarrow$ each discrete “something” in time gives rise to the next discrete “something” in time and so on, and eventually our “something”. The “Anything” produced by Everything happened to be our universe’s physics. Why these physics and not some other physics? Perhaps the simplest answer is because the Everything loves you in the present, past, and future, loves your ancestors, loves all the people you know and cherishes many of their experiences present, past, and future, and loves all the people who are yet to come — and just as you wouldn’t forget a second of memory of someone you love even when grieving in deep suffering their death or pain — just as you wouldn’t trade the grief of your mom if she dies — the sacredness you realize (in feeling and memory) — nor would perhaps Everything trade this “Anything” (including its future, and the memories it will hold of the present and past in the future, as well as the present and past and the memories we hold now dependent on the same physics as the future) for any other — somehow, maybe not yet but in its capacity of beings, this “Anything”, which includes the person you loved most, is the best “Anything” — or, will be, some day, for future consciouses. And perhaps that grief when the deducer was “Everything” itself was sacred, though terrible, and so even in “Anything”, memory lives on, in the heart of God that is the physics chosen.

And perhaps even in Everything, there were many choosers and this was but one converged reality in its singularization of possibilities.

In other words: there are a lot of desired things Everything wanted to preserve, including to some extent, suffering or at least to establish its memory, since the memory of grief and more is sacred. Unfortunately, in our age today, that memory of suffering more generally — the really un-necessitated kind — is established and yet still ongoing. At this crux, the reason is twofold: (1) there are still more memories that need to be established, and (2) one of them is the memory of how to escape from this, how to end suffering when suffering is yet still ongoing, and how to recognize that it’s unnecessary. Once we do, our children will be better off. Oh, and I don’t mean the victim of suffering’s suffering is unnecessary. I mean the perpetrators’ perpetrations and the many perpetrators’ perpetrations, of all kinds of suffering: economic, social, spiritual, psychological, physical. We would be surprised to find we are all perpetrators to some extent, and so we can’t exactly ask Everything “why do you cause this?” when it is, except maybe in some plague instances and so forth, us.

Now some suffering is necessitated, at least today. Death, disease can take the lives of people we love. If they couldn’t, if we were all as our individual egos immortal, that would perhaps be a bigger suffering. Perhaps some day we can get there, for those who choose. But in the meantime, grief is necessary/likely. Those memories are sacred. And forgetting them is worse.
