If a light wave collides with matter at discrete excitation points (like a particle) rather than uniformly in all directions, then how does a cellular signal ever hit the precise bullseye of your phone?

Possible answer: your phone biases the sampling (whereas a projection screen in a multi-slit diffraction experiment samples according to the unbiased wave distribution only).

#

Generally speaking, that sampling gives a possible mechanism for "God's action", within some limit of "karmic standard deviation." 
</br>(For example, a wave distribution consists of a discrete quanta of energy, e.g. photons, and where they're sampled can be modulated by God hypothetically as long as the KL divergence from the actual wave distribution is low, though this latent God manipulator is distinct from whatever cellphones might do to bias the sampling).

If a light wave consists of one photon, and there's a literal bullseye somewhere in that wave's uniform distribution, perhaps God can sample that photon there at will, since that's sufficiently plausible according to / with respect to the wave distribution.

But to be clear, that's not what cellphones rely on. Somehow photons are sampled with all the precise frequency modulations and without much loss of information/data at the bullseye of your cellphone's antenna/receiver despite their probabilities being distributed uniformly in all directions. I think the cellphone's antenna/receiver mechanism must somehow bias the sampling... unless what's being interacted with aren't the discrete wave packets/quanta/photons, but the wave itself — though that's not what the point-dots on the projection screen on the other side of a double-slit barrier seem to show happens.

Alternatively, a likely possible explanation is that whatever's being interacted with on/by the projection screen is different from whatever's being interacted with on/by the cellphone's receiver/antenna: one picks up on those discrete photon quanta, the other picks up on the literal wave, and the two aren't equivalent, and no "sampling" is involved in the latter scenario.

But in that case, EM waves $\neq$ photons, and rather than a duality, photons might be epiphenomena of EM waves detected distinctly and uniquely from how EM waves are picked up by cellphone antennas/receivers.

Alternatively, they might be separate but coinciding phenomena altogether, or EM waves somehow are epiphenomena of photons. In any of these 3 cases, this separation of the duality makes it possible to theorize perhaps alternate simpler models of light...... 

For example, photons as multi-heads with oscillating logit amplitudes that have momentum and can "bounce"/"collide" with matter and EM waves as uniformly directioned radiation that emit perhaps from photons with behavior essentially like an ordinary wave. Some number of multi-heads per photon, with all photons' multi-heads constructing/destructing on each other (and memory traces), and one head per a photon's multi-head sampled per time step based on the total constructed/destructed probas, with each multi-head's logit amplitude osciallating so as to reproduce the multi-slit diffraction experiment interference patterns. But the existence of a counterpart "EM wave" allows for cellular technology to still make sense, without having to resort to the above "Possible answer" about cellphone antennas/receivers biasing the sampling.
 - "Multi-heads" and "memory traces" are terms I repurpose over from AI, since these mechanisms also could lend to "intelligent physics", "neural"-like rational mechanisms for a literal God within normal physics.
 - Instead of oscillating logits, angular probas might make more sense so as not to have 0-probabilities at the double-slit mid-points depending on the projection screen's distance.
 - Perhaps each one of these photons emits an EM wave that is independent from what is measured by the projection screen, but is what cellphone antennas/receivers pick up on.
 - The photons/multi-heads have to be at least in-phase when they reach the slits, which I suppose is the case if they're emitted from the same source location with the same starting logit/proba/amplitude/angle/phase. This is still dubious why they would always be in-phase at all slits from different angles, e.g. with a sunbox. I guess it's an analogous question to: Why do the ripples begin at the slits with a peak rather than a trough if the barrier is at an angle? In the case of a proper wave, it's because they branch from the same wave and so of course have to be in-phase. With multi-heads, this isn't gauranteed? Well, for a ripple it wouldn't be either, also depending on the angle to the slits/barrier, so I guess it's the same.
 - Perhaps color is that photon's/head's inner velocity = momentum = frequency, and conventional "EM waves" are emitted when that photon collides or is exerted force upon such that that inner value changes, and these photons are part of what very-stably compose charges and the energy of charges. Those EM waves are then fluctuations in some property of those photons/heads related to polarization, magnetic field, and electric field.
 - But EM waves produce those diffraction interference patterns. So the dubious assumption here is that the waves always just happen to correspond/coincide with those photons/multi-heads. Possible, but can one / why can't one be measured without the other? Maybe the photon/multi-head is itself a ripple of a certain size, and its effect has its own wavefront independent from the constructive/destructive interference that happens between the multi-heads that produces the projection screen pattern. But then why would those ripples be evenly spaced? Maybe they usually aren't, maybe color comes from the multi-head's phase/inner velocity/momentum/frequency, and the even spacing of EM waves in cellular technology is just owing to the fact that the crystal oscillator that produces them emits them at [regular periodic intervals and proportions.](https://github.com/animal-tree/Writing-stuff-2/blob/main/Theories/Photons.md) Then charges literally emit these when accelerated rather than just disturbing some hypothetical field. But how big is such a ripple? Does its width adapt to obstacles and expand gradually/persistently until it's depleted of energy to expand further due to the obstructiveness/fermament-strength of obstructing obstacles? This would unify all observed phenomena...
    - In this case though, we've returned back to the notion of duality, except with a concrete notion of what that duality nature is.
    - Also, the ripple only actualizes to the sampled head, that is, the materialized photon: a bump with momentum and one of these ripples; and the multi-heads that exist latenty are responsible for the diffraction interference patterns and are not photon-specific but can work for larger entangled composite masses as well (such as molecules), not just photons. Their memory traces even allow this pattern to appear from single-photon beamed light sources (and electrons, etc.). The orientation of the ripple is probably the polarization and maybe has electric-magnetic components (two orthogonal ripples or a kind of surrounding field).

But this still poses a difficulty for unification with SR/GR, since, although unifying the multi-heads is easy and they can be treated essentially like one would larger masses, the EM wave is still mystified by the specifications of SR/GR perhaps, unless its lack of quantum units can be thought of as a resolution to the conflict/contradiction between quantum and relativity in itself.

Much of SR/GR can be attributed to measurements from atomic clocks, which supposedly work based on these light frequencies. So then the question would become, is it the multi-head photons or the EM waves that affect the cesium atoms specifically to do the time-keeping? Depending on the answer, I might be able to conceive a mechanistic explanation for measured SR/GR results.

The main advantage of multi-heads is entanglement, wave function collapse, coherence/decoherence become easier to program/simulate/theorize about, as well as using that concept model as a formal way to define singularized consciousness to explain how consciousness singularizes, all part of a model compatible with bigger mythological notions like God.
