“My memory on this is foggy and it’s not super important (though still interesting) but I think you argued that they remain molecularly consistent from birth to death or at least most of one’s lifetime. That’s kind of what I’m getting at, like is there a cellular structure or some structure of some kind that basically consists of the same atoms from birth to death? There are probably some parts of the body that maintain integrity through lifetime, like maybe bone structures, but are there any that by definition cannot break down or be replaced like “theseus’s ship” without compromising the person’s life or neurology in some way? Eg if telomeres protect DNA, then what protects telomeres? Is their breakdown AND substitution causally related to death, or are they substituted and sustained with newly generated telomeres? I think of the body as a kind of cybernetic Theseus’s ship for the most part: parts break down and are replaced via nutrients and energy from the environment (oaky I don’t actually think if  it this way, but for the purposes of this discussion). You argued using some structure as an example (maybe telomeres or something else) that the body doesn’t work that way, that some parts actually integrally at the structural atomic level remain the same through the full course of a person’s lifetime. So that’s what I’m wondering about, especially if there’s anything ubiquitous at the cellular level like that or if such persistencies are kind of just sporadic and vary from body to body (like, can a specific structure be named such as telomeres which doesn’t degenerate, deteriorate, or get substituted start to end of a person’s life?). Does that make sense? Obviously this question relates to other philosophical ones which are more what I’m getting at, like the illusion of persistent consciousness (is it an illusion or does something actually structurally remain consistent and can that “something” be materially named?)”
